Before a new Claude model ships,
a small group of customers
is already testing it, breaking it,
and shaping what ships with it.
We sat down to see what they're learning.
When you get something new from Anthropic, what is the energy like?
We know a storm's ahead,
but there's something exciting
about a storm
because it's all hands on deck.
Yeah, it feels like
we're moving at the speed of light.
That's like getting the call and jumping
from whatever you're working on.
We have something new,
let's figure out what it's like.
The moment we get
a new model from Anthropic,
we realize the grounding has changed.
What's it like to work at a company
that's helping to shape the frontier?
It's insanely fun.
All of us are just in learning mode.
This moment just feels like a generational
opportunity for anyone in this industry.
I feel very lucky
and also very responsible.
We need to continue to push the envelope,
continue innovating, being more secure,
and making things easier to build with.
In a way, I love that I can unlock
a new class of developers and builders.
What's the first thing
you throw at a new model?
The very first thing
is we will start automated evals
just so that they start
running in the background.
One use case that is a
pipe dream that's easy to point to
as a particularly complex legal task
is drafting an S1.
Now with agentic capabilities
where these models can go out
and find information that they need,
synthesize it, edit documents,
we're getting to larger
and larger chunks of the S1
that you can just send
the model on its way to do.
Just by swapping in that one model,
every question I ever wanted
to ask it started getting answered.
It went from this agent can
sometimes answer questions,
sometimes get stuck, to,
oh, my God, it is answering
every question quickly and accurately.
The dashboard of the testing agent
success rate has just increased
by, I think it's 20%.
Things that don't work today
are the best sign for,
here's what the next models
are going to be way better at.
Seeing evals that have never
worked start working
and then start working consistently,
this model is going
to be something special.
What's it like working with Anthropic?
It feels like I have a conversation
with you almost every other day.
The engineers on the team, I feel like,
are almost on the same team.
It's less like we're just
buying something from you,
and more like we build with you.
We have a very high trust bar
that anything you publish
is not going to be slop.
What is one word or phrase
that characterizes what it feels like
to actually be building at the frontier?
Dazzling, if that makes sense.
It can be blinding at times.
Just the brightness,
opportunity, excitement.
Compounding, we get the latest tools,
which leads to our customers
getting a better product,
which leads to us getting better products.
You have a big wave under
you that is changing
the way your user is working
and changing the way you are working.
And you have to keep your balance.
And you know there are
bigger waves coming.